Sir.
Sir!
If banks are not granting a loan,
we can ask Tata to fund us.
When the investment
is on a large scale,
no company takes the risk alone.
Sir, what if we seek J.R.D.'s help?
Banks will listen to him.
We could try
some other venture, sir.
He is right, sir.
Banks have a problem
with watches, not with us.
That's true.
Mr. Desai, we've approached
most of the banks.
So, where's the problem?
The problem lies in our idea.
If you don't believe
in the Watch Project,
I'll make sure you all
find another job at Tata.
I believe in it.
How are you, Mr. Desai?
Superb.
Whoa!
You might be a good liar,
but your 'akuri'gives you away.
What happened?
Who gets a higher salary,
a journalist or a detective?
Because it's never too late
to change professions.
In that case,
you should become a lawyer.
You're very good
at dodging questions.
And they even get paid more.
Hmm.
Now tell me. What happened?
Titan's problems
just don't seem to end.
I wanted to create a legacy project.
Jeh trusted me with it.
I could lose a mentor and a friend.
No matter what happens,
I'm always with you.
Will you give me a loan?
Not a loan,
but I'll definitely support you.
Hmm?
It's far more precious than a loan.
How could you eat this?
I know.
Should we go out for dinner?
- I think so.
- Hmm.
It seems you're carrying the
entire company on your back.
You'll get a loan,
but first, eat something.
Didn't KBI grant a loan?
How do you know about the
relationship between KBI and Tata?
The whole world knows it.
Did you try other banks?
We tried them all.
Canara Bank?
Megha, I know the GM of Canara Bank.
I'll talk to him.
Canara Bank won't invest
in a project like ours.
You can at least try.
Tell me something.
Did you prepare a presentation?
- Yes.
- Hmm.
Let's hear it.
Why? What will you do about it?
Think of me as the bank's GM.
Okay? Now start.
Come on! Come on!
Come on, let's hear it.
Yes. Come on!
Have you ever thought
that even though our country
manufactures 1.8 million
watches every year,
people still prefer
smuggled watches?
For luxury?
- The designs?
- Correct.
But not entirely.
These watches enhance
people's sense of self-worth.
Those watches make them feel that,
no matter how bad their time is,
they can always change it.
Okay.
But how will you compete with GMT?
We don't want
to dominate GMT's market.
Their customers are loyal,
and they prefer mechanical watches.
But mechanical watches are history,
while quartz watches are the future.
Now, what is quartz technology?
A quartz crystal
generates vibrations
when powered by a battery.
It then sends these vibrations
to the divider circuit...
Wait a minute!
I'll explain in Hindi.
No, language is not the problem.
I'm no Einstein, Megha, so I
can't understand this technology.
For now, I'm acting as the GM
who might grant you a loan.
Yes, but if we don't explain,
what about transparency?
What you call transparency
will only create confusion.
See.
Your presentation
may be technically correct,
but your answer is preventing banks
from granting you a loan.
They've failed to understand
this technology.
Did you get it?
What should our answer be then?
Megha, are you sure
about this answer?
Very sure, sir.
Mr. Desai,
the GM will be here any moment.
- Please go inside.
- Thank you.
Quarterly report in two hours.
Yes, please.
Sir, this is our pitch document.
Please take a look at this,
and this is
the original loan application.
Start the pitch.
Ma'am, what's the time?
This is Titan's vision.
How will you compete
with a giant like GMT?
We're not here to compete, sir.
GMT's customers are loyal
to the mechanical watches.
We're not targeting GMT's market.
We want to create our own.
With this quartz technology?
Yes!
Gentlemen,
we don't understand
quartz technology.
And it's difficult for us to invest
in something we don't understand.
Absolutely.
When we watch TV,
we don't check the circuit diagram.
We just know
that the TV switches on
the moment we press the button.
All we need to know
is that it's convenient.
The quartz watches
are exactly like that.
To add to that,
winding mechanical watches
tires people.
However, if a watch is not wound,
time will stop.
By contrast, time never stops
in quartz watches.
Really?
It doesn't stop
for a couple of years.
If it does stop,
just change the battery
in five minutes
and it starts working again.
We'll provide a warranty.
Even if I believe you,
who will buy your watches?
The whole world.
Tata means trust,
and Titan is a seed of Tata.
It will grow with your help
and ours.
I want people
to visit our stores for Titan,
not just for a watch.
Because Titan holds a promise.
The promise of joining
the Tata family.
The promise of fine craftsmanship,
elegance, reliability,
and an enduring legacy.
The promise that Titan
will not be just a watch.
It could become
the identity of this country.
What happened, sir?
I suppose
we'll have to find some land
to make watches.
Your answer worked, Megha.
Well done.
- Thank you, sir!
- Now let's get the hell out of here
before he changes his mind.
Megha!
Thank you!
Oh! Congratulations!
Why did you lie
about being an Arts professor?
He's my brother, Devendra, not me.
What?
Didn't you watch 'Seeta Aur Geeta'?
'Ram Aur Shyam'?
He went for commerce,
while I chose the arts.
So he...
Yes! He's clean-shaven,
while I wear a moustache.
Give me the 'laddus'
your mother made. Hand them to me!
I'm making tea. Would you like some?
Do you know how to make tea?
My tea might boil over.
Please come inside.
Let's sit and talk.
Wonderful.
Congratulations on the loan.
Who told you?
- Your 'akuri'.
- Aha!
It's perfect.
So, when are you
going to Tamil Nadu?
Tomorrow morning.
So soon?
I know.
- Packing?
- Done.
Shyarsh and Honey helped me.
Can you just... You're crowding the
man in the kitchen. Move a little.
Thank you.
Wine with lunch?
Sure!
I don't mind.
I knew you wouldn't.
So, where are we starting? Here?
- Salem.
- Salem?
Perfect!
Right?
No.
"No?"
We aren't building
an open-air factory.
The plant will be a closed space.
Sir, the workers
will be constantly moving,
so it will be
very difficult to avoid dust.
Provide the workers
with plastic shoe covers
when they enter the factory.
And use a blower to remove dust
from their clothes. That's it.
We'll have to do
all that anyway, Shankar.
It would be better
if we avoided the dust problem.
Let's keep looking.
- Right?
- Let's find another place, sir.
Yes, let's go.
Please come, sir.
I'll come today, Kumud.
Please don't worry.
Okay? I'm coming.
What happened?
Dad went out this morning.
Oh God!
And he hasn’t returned yet.
He must have lost his way back home.
You should go.
I'll handle everything here.
No, sir.
The components will rust.
'It's believed
we can find God Himself,'
- 'yet we couldn't find suitable
land for the factory.'- No, sir.
No!
'Sometimes the problem was dust,
other times it was the moisture,'
'and sometimes mosquitoes.'
Sir, look at this section.
- Hmm.
- This is good for us.
He's 'paithyam'.
What's 'paithyam'?
Sir, let it be. Forget it.
The one it was meant for understood.
I showed you all the plots
I knew about,
but your favourite engineer
didn't like a single one.
Let's not compromise, Shankar.
Let's find the best.
Huh? What do you think, 'paithyam'?
It's hot. Just be careful.
Hello.
Did you find Uncle?
Yes, I found him.
He had veered off to New Bombay,
but by God's grace, he's safe.
Good.
I'll come there tomorrow.
Okay. Okay.
Okay, thank you. Thank you, Akash.
- Take care, my friend.
- 'Yes!'
- Okay, bye.
- 'Bye.'
[in Tamil] Please stop!
Do you want to pee?
Did you learn Tamil
while searching for land?
No, sir. I'm from IIT Madras.
- This side.
- Uh...
[in Tamil] This is it, sir!
- What do you mean?
- It's perfect.
- Moisture? - [in Tamil] None!
- Insects? - [in Tamil] None!
- Dust?
- [in Tamil] None!
Can we manufacture watches here?
[in Tamil] No!
- Huh?
- Why?
Is this plot not government-owned?
- It is.
- So?
This lies on the border
of Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.
I know.
If you build a plant here,
our neighbours
will be employed here.
No!
- Hear us out.
- Uh...
- Shankar!
- No.
- Sir!
This is the perfect place for Titan.
Yes!
And why is that?
Because we're just one hour away
from Bangalore.
What's so special about Bangalore?
Our competitor, GMT, is based there.
And what about employment?
Employment will be offered
exclusively to Tamil Nadu residents.
- Yes! - I swear
on the future of Titan, Shankar!
No.
- Sir.
- Huh.
Shankar, say "seri".
Shankar.
Come on, say "seri".
- Come on, say it.
- Don't... Don't do this.
- Please!
- We won't find a better place, sir.
- Shankar, say "seri".
- This place is perfect.
What?
Say "seri", Shankar.
- Promise?
- Promise!
- [in Tamil] 'Seri'?
- 'Seri'!
- [in Tamil] Okay.
- Woo-hoo!
- Wonderful!
I'm proud of you.
I love you!
Well done!
"I offer You!"
So, you found a place
for your factory near GMT?
Well, a very wise
and fussy man once said
that if you want to run a business,
you must have courage
- and keep an eye
on your competitors. - Yes.
He was absolutely right.
So, how do you intend to apply it?
We'll apply it, sir.
Look at this.
We are going to make Titan fly.
- "Fly?"
- Hmm!
Do you know the share price of GMT?
Uh, yes...
It's fifty rupees. What about it?
It took GMT 30 years
to reach a share price of Rs. 50,
and you haven't even
started making watches yet.
By the way,
the time you asked for is over.
Now, whenever the watch is built,
it will already be late.
I understand. Yes, sir.
Nice party.
GMT is laying off
many workers next month.
I've offered him a job at Titan.
- Hi!
- Hello.
I'm Ravi from GMT.
- Hello, Ravi.
- Hello.
Let me introduce you
to Sameer Reddy.
- The man in red cheques?
- Yes, you're right.
He has been working in the R&D
department at GMT for 22 years.
He's the kind of man who has
twenty solutions to every problem.
Oh.
His experience speaks
louder than words.
But he gets exhausted
by constant delays.
Ah.
Ms. Pooja!
She's a horologist
and a mathematical genius.
If a watch is running
one second slow,
she can tell you
exactly what time it will show
at this exact moment next year.
She's in a high position,
but her pay cheque
is still eight years old.
Why so?
Because GMT is overstaffed.
When the population is high,
per capita income decreases, sir.
Hmm.
The star of the show...
Mr. A.J.K.
He's the head
of the manufacturing department.
If GMT is still running,
it's only because of him.
For the past two years,
they've been submitting
a requisition for a machine
to senior management,
but none of them has responded.
And this has been happening
for the past fifteen years.
- Then we should help them.
- Hmm.
- Yes, sure.
- Sure?
- Sure? - Good evening,
ladies and gentlemen.
Let's play a game of musical chairs.
Let’s have some fun. Please join us.
Please come.
- Excuse me.
- Sure.
Gaurav, it's you!
Akash!
How are you?
I was fine until now,
but after what I heard today,
I am not.
Oh!
- Oh!
- Boo!
So, what happened to you?
Titan.
Are you talking about that
new business that's just started?
A business is never new.
It's the technology that's new.
After seeing their technology,
your heart will skip a beat.
Whoa!
Oh, no!
You’ve stolen the show!
Hmm.
What kind of technology?
It's their machines.
Their machines are so advanced
that even Swiss brands
pale in comparison.
Now you're exaggerating.
What machines
could Titan possibly have?
If you don't believe me,
it's your loss.
Hey!
Oh, no!
- Oh!
- Very well played.
Titan may have new machines,
but they don’t have
the experience that GMT possesses.
They're the Tatas.
They can do anything.
Our collaborator is Citizen.
I don't think Titan can compete.
Do visit us at Titan sometime.
I mean...
Please do... Do visit them.
You'll be proud to be
a 'Citizen'of this country.
I took it. Please leave.
Oh!
- Well played, Akash.
- Well played.
Quite an impressive performance.
Thank you.
Shall we go out for dinner?
Huh?
I mean, the dinner must be ready.
We'll go there in a while.
- Whoa!
- Hey!
Well, it was lovely meeting you.
- Yes. Akash.
- A.J.K.
Hi, I'm Akash.
- Hello!
- Hi!
- I'm Akash.
- Sameer.
Whatever you just said,
is it all true?
Well,
you can come and see for yourself.
Are you from Titan?
At 10 a.m. tomorrow, a car will come
to pick you up. Well played.
- Come on.
- See you tomorrow.
10 a.m.!
Well played, sir.
You spoke about
the big Swiss machines at Titan.
But we can't see them.
We agree, but to make Titan
extraordinary, we need your help.
We're not interested in leaving
a secure government job
to join a semi-private company.
Because if Titan fails,
it would be just a minor
setback for the Tatas,
but for us, it would mean
the end of our careers.
So, thank you for the offer.
- Ma'am! Ma'am, please...
- Wait a minute.
Why are "ebauche unit",
"gears unit" and
"movement unit" written here?
Vendors supply these, don't they?
Ordinarily, yes.
'Samanyaroop'.
Normally, yes.
Titan's dream
is to make "Made in India" watches.
For that,
you'll need a lot of machines.
Yes.
Where will you bring them from?
Write the names on the board,
and we'll buy those machines.
I'm sorry, sir.
It's not a restaurant where we can
simply place an order
and get the food served.
If we place the order
for machines today,
it will take years
just for it to be accepted.
What machine
did you request
from GMT two years ago?
Boring milling machine, sir.
Boring milling machine! That was it.
Sir, is this the one?
Approved!
Your machine will be delivered.
We here at Titan
believe that if we invest
in the right people,
they will ensure we invest
in the right components.
Write down your requirements
on the board,
and we'll arrange for those machines
within a month.
If you can get these machines
within a month,
we will resign from GMT
and join this company.
Fantastic!
Today is the 26th.
Please be ready
with your resignation letters
by the 26th next month.
Thank you for coming.
[in Tamil] All of you, please come!
Everyone, please come!
Those seeking employment,
please come!
Tata is offering jobs!
Anyone seeking employment,
please come!
Do come! Please come!
This is a golden opportunity.
You're invited!
Everyone is invited!
Don't miss this chance!
Everyone is invited! Please come!
[in Tamil] He's Josh.
He will train you in watchmaking.
He has come from abroad.
[in Tamil]
Are you all ready for the exam?
- Yes, sir!
Why don't we choose engineers
or degree holders
for these positions?
Do they need to be
engineers or degree holders?
They are blank slates
and will learn and adapt
very quickly, I assure you.
But we could choose
students from the cities.
All these people are villagers.
Yes, they are...
They are the roots of this country.
This factory shouldn't be
just about Titan and profits.
Ideally, we should empower
everyone around us.
Yes.
- Sir.
- Hmm?
The announcement was for everyone,
so why did only male students come?
[in Tamil]
Attention! Attention! Attention!
Titan invites you!
Attention, please!
We are hiring not just men
but women too!
[in Tamil] Attention, please!
We are hiring both men and women!
Gaurav, please.
Can we stop somewhere?
I'm so hungry.
Oh, okay.
Just give me a minute.
- [in Tamil] Greetings!
- Greetings!
[in Tamil]
Is there a restaurant nearby?
No, there's no restaurant
within 20 kilometres.
Are you hungry?
[in Tamil] Yes, he's hungry.
Oh, please come home
with me for a meal.
- [in Tamil] Thank you very much.
- Please do come.
Josh! Take your shoes off.
What's this?
It's idli sambar.
It's one
of my favourite dishes ever.
- Shall we wash hands?
- Yes.
[in Tamil]
Can we wash our hands here?
- Shall we wash hands?
- Yes.
Josh... Josh.
What's she doing?
She's cleaning the impurities
from the pulses.
Eureka! I found it.
Congratulations!
You've just secured a job.
'Finally, out of thousands,'
'97 girls and 3 boys were selected'
'to make watches.'
Welcome, girls.
'But they were completely
unaware of the challenges ahead.'
Boys, please have a seat.
[in Tamil] Greetings, all.
Please be seated.
Here are some needles and thread.
Please collect them.
[in Tamil] It contains needles
and thread. Please take them.
Ready?
Start!
Stop!
What's happened?
Anyone?
It's been just one second, Josh.
So?
Okay.
[in Tamil] Keep on trying.
Ready? Start!
Stop!
Ready?
Start!
Stop!
Ready?
Start! Stop!
Start!
Stop!
Is he still playing midfield?
Is he now a striker?
I can't wait to come back
and congratulate him.
I want to celebrate soon.
Okay, fine.
Good night, darling.
Good night.
[in Tamil] Oi, listen!
Please have a look!
[in Tamil]
Would you like a cup of coffee?
- [in Tamil] Oi!
- Hear us out!
Ready?
Start! Stop!
Very good.
Done?
Well done.
Please reiterate to the engineers
that the teeth can't vary.
4.2020, plus or minus 10.
Absolutely,
it's critical to quality.
Sir.
Come in.
Sir...
What happened?
Is everything okay?
Sir, um...
- [in Tamil] Look at them!
- Would you like some coffee?
- [in Tamil] Please hear us out!
- Come with us.
This is the inside of our watch.
This is the quartz crystal.
The quartz crystal vibrates
32,000 times per second.
It's the hero of our watch.
What is it?
It's nothing.
How's everything with Josh?
It's good.
He asks for idli and sambar
every three hours.
Boys and girls, I have
another test for you.
Yet another task!
Oh! It's easy!
No! No! No!
You have to do it like this.
Fill it.
Not a single seed should fall.
[in Tamil]
Xerxes sent the taxi
especially for you.
It's the 26th today.
Please come.
Please!
- Sir.
- Hmm?
- They are here.
- Here they are.
I hope we delivered.
As promised.
I'll take that as a yes.
Hello.
It's lovely to have you here.
- Welcome.
- Thank you.
- Good to have you on board.
You're in the watchmaking business,
but surprisingly,
you don't wear watches.
Why is that?
- Uh...
- We have decided
not to wear watches
until we make one.
Welcome to the world of Titan.
I'm a horologist.
If I take off my watch,
it'll be bad for everyone.
No... No.
It's not a requirement.
Anyway, let's meet
in my office after lunch.
- Yes?
- Okay.
- Okay?
- Thanks.
- Looking forward.
- Same here.
Shall I show you
the assembly section?
Please come.
Done?
Well done!
It's time for a new task.
[in Tamil] All the best!
Yet another task.
Uh-uh!
Let's assemble a watch.
Your role as the Operations
Manager is now very important.
Hmm. Sure, sir.
You need to go to Japan,
inspect the watch components there,
and book the shipment.
Who sends you so many letters?
I hope you don't mind sharing.
They are from my mother, sir.
Huh!
She can talk to you on the phone.
She sends me photos
of potential grooms.
Oh!
All the best, Ms. Megha.
- Sir!
- It takes over.
Sir...
- What's the matter?
- Sir.
- Hello, Vijay!
- Sir, please have some sweets.
For what?
My wife is pregnant, sir.
- Wow! Congratulations!
- "Wife?"
When did you get married?
It's been two years, Zee.
Oh!
- Congratulations.
- Thank you, sir.
- Congratulations!
- Sir, are you sure?
- Yes.
This is what we call
a flying saucer test.
Passed.
It's working.
Bastard!
- Scoundrel!
- Sir, the watch...
Hello, Jeh! No.
Hey, Pinks. Where's Jeh?
He's going to Delhi
today for an event.
Oh, no. Okay.
And don't call me Pinks.
Okay. Thanks, Pinks.
These are mustard seeds.
Wow, it's amazing.
Sir.
Here are some idli and chutney
for a safe and happy journey.
Thank you so much
for everything.
Thank you. Uh-uh!
Thank you! Thank you!
Thank you.
I will miss you all.
Hello, Thelma!
- Wow! How are you?
- I'm good.
- Hello, Zee.
- Hi, Jeh.
I wish we could have welcomed you,
but we're going to a party.
- This is good.
- He won't mind.
He won't mind.
How come you're here at this hour?
My God.
You've done it, Zee!
Oh boy!
You've done it!
- Congratulations.
- Thank you, Jeh.
I couldn't have asked
for a better day
to receive this watch.
Let's meet for breakfast tomorrow
morning at Bombay House.
Bring your entire team.
Congratulations!
Thank you, Jeh!
How long will you be in India?
For two more days.
Just two more days,
but it's quality time.
Right.
How's the Watch Project going,
Mr. Tata?
Oh, it's going very well indeed.
Here!
Ooh!
Congratulations!
It seems that only the Tatas
are enjoying good days
and good times.
I mean, it's beautiful.
Good days don't just happen,
you have to make them happen.
- It's been a long time, Mr. Tata.
- Oh!
Hello, Mr. Jeuba!
It's so nice to see you again.
Nice to see you.
Let me introduce Kate.
How do you do?
- Hello, ma'am!
- This is my wife, Thelma.
Nice meeting you too.
- Hello.
- Gentlemen!
Hello.